# territorial_tools
==Tools for custom maps in Territorial.io==

1. Get a map or image you want to import
2. use the python script to convert the image into a javascript array
3. use the minimize_map.js to convert the javascript array into Alphanumerically condensed data.
4. Copy the condensed data into the flipside.html file line 7449: replace the content of mapData = "...."  with the generated data from step 3.
5. Load flipside.html into Edge or Chrome and pick the custom map.. play on!

The plan is to move the js script into python too, hopefully in the future.
It is recommended to use PNG files. Note that some PNG's dont have alpha data so the watercolor may need formatted as "x, x, x" instead of "x, x, x, 255"
The script only supports SOLID water color and no gradients. Two color images work best but other will work too, please see example images.

Issues:
land to land or water to water distance of > 999 will not work in the minimiz_map script. This may not be resolved with the current method used for minimizing.
If you do want to run huge maps where the distance of > 999 occurs I suggest you use the javascript array generated by the python script and paste it in line 7453 as mapData = [...] (uncomment line).
This will 'overwrite' ALL 'custom' maps (Europe, World, Caucasia, US48)

Have fun!

===
Update 1:

1. Get a map or image you want to import
2. use the python script to convert the image into Alphanumerically condensed data.
3. Copy the condensed data into the territorial_mod.html file line 397, 398, 399 or 400: replace the content of k="...."  with the generated data from step 2. Line 403 has the names of the maps.
4. Load flipside.html into Edge or Chrome and pick the custom map.. play on!

===
Update 2:
1. Get a map or image you want to import
2. use Territorial_maptool_gui.html to convert the image into Alphanumerically condensed data.
3. Copy the condensed data into the territorial_mod.html file line 397, 398, 399 or 400: replace the content of k="...."  with the generated data from step 2. Line 403 has the names of the maps.
4. Load territorial_mod.html into Edge or Chrome and pick the custom map.. play on!
